Improve lang lib Module.md fie (#18855)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: langlib/lang.array/src/main/ballerina/src/lang.array/Module.md

## Module Overview

This module provides lang library list operations defined by the language specification 2019R3. All the functions listed 

> below are supported by resizable arrays. Fixed-length arrays and tuples do not support any operations that violate the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this module are supported by lists that do not have a fixed length. Fixed-length arrays and tuples do not support any operations that violate the 
```

Author: Isn’t it too wordy?

Reviewer: It's OK IMO, and it's better to stick to spec terms right?

> properties of these types. e.g., pushing a value to a tuple. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
properties of these types. e.g., pushing a value to a fixed-length array.
```

Not sure the tuple example is correct. Even if we can't now, this should be possible for a tuple with a compatible rest field right?

Reviewer 2: Yes, Since this is module MD, I think simply saying 2019R3 is enough for now. We can improve the doc later.

Author: Wrote it for the current functionality we have.
